Add note to explain multiple release notes for same change (#3323)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-release-notes.md

To upgrade Astro Runtime, see [Upgrade Astro Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md). For general product release notes, see [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/open-support-request).

:::info 

> Because Astronomer has separate [maintenance life cycles](runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md) for each major version of Astro Runtime, the same change can be introduced multiple times across major versions, resulting in multiple identical release notes.

Author: ```suggestion
Because Astronomer has separate [maintenance life cycles](runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md) for each major version of Astro Runtime, the same change can be introduced multiple times across major versions, resulting in multiple identical release notes. When a new major version releases, such as Astro Runtime 8.0.0, all changes from previously released versions are included in the new major version.
```

If you're upgrading to receive a specific change, ensure the release note for the change appears either:

- Within your target major version.

> - In any minor or patch version that was released before the first release (`X.0.0`) of your target major version. For example, a change in Astro Runtime 9.9.0, which released January 10 2024, is not guaranteed to appear in Runtime 10.0.0, which released December 8 2023, unless there is a release note for it in a subsequent Runtime 10 patch. However, a change in Astro Runtime 9.6.0, which released November 30 2023, is guaranteed to exist in Runtime 10.0.0 even though there's no release note for it in the Runtime 10 series.

Author: ```suggestion
- In any minor or patch version that was released before the first release (`X.0.0`) of your target major version. For example, a change in Astro Runtime 9.9.0, which released January 10 2024, is not guaranteed to appear in Runtime 10.0.0, which released December 8 2023, unless there is a release note for it in a subsequent Runtime 10 patch. However, a change in Astro Runtime 9.6.0, which released November 30 2023, is guaranteed to exist in Runtime 10.0.0 because it 9.6.0 was released prior to 10.0.0.
```

> - In any minor or patch version that was released before the first release (`X.0.0`) of your target major version. For example, a change in Astro Runtime 9.9.0, which released January 10 2024, is not guaranteed to appear in Runtime 10.0.0, which released December 8 2023, unless there is a release note for it in a subsequent Runtime 10 patch. However, a change in Astro Runtime 9.6.0, which released November 30 2023, is guaranteed to exist in Runtime 10.0.0 because it 9.6.0 was released prior to 10.0.0.

Author: ```suggestion
- In any minor or patch version that was released before the first release (`X.0.0`) of your target major version. For example, a change in Astro Runtime 9.9.0, which released January 10 2024, is not guaranteed to appear in Runtime 10.0.0, which released December 8 2023, unless there is a release note for it in a subsequent Runtime 10 patch. However, a change in Astro Runtime 9.6.0, which released November 30 2023, is guaranteed to exist in Runtime 10.0.0 because 9.6.0 was released prior to 10.0.0.
```
